Tactic_option supports export (#15274)
coq/coq: doc/changelog/07-vernac-commands-and-options/15274-tacopt.rst

> - **Changed:** commands setting tactic options (currently

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Changed:** commands that set tactic options (currently
```

  :opt:`Firstorder Solver` and :cmd:`Obligation Tactic`, as well as any

>   defined by third party plugins) now support :attr:`export` locality.

Reviewer: This is somewhere between vague and circular: how do you know which commands defined by third party plugins are commands that set tactic options?  Perhaps you mean options/commands that have a value in the form `@ltac_expr` as the argument? Looks like `Obligation Tactic` should have been an option.  Is that worth cleaning up later?

"commands setting" is a bit loose since it also includes options.  Maybe "commands and options setting ..." is better?

Author: It's impossible to know without looking at the plugin's source.

Reviewer: Then how about referring to `@ltac_expr` if that's what matters?

Author: It is not a grammar thing

Reviewer: Agreed, not a grammar thing.  IIUC "tactic options" would be clearer as "options whose value is a tactic".  That's what I was trying to get at with `@ltac_expr`.

Author: It's really something each plugin using this system needs to say in their own doc, see paramcoq overlay

>   Note that the meaning of :attr:`global` and the default outside
>   sections currently also set the option when importing any
>   surrounding module. This will change in a future version. (`#15274

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that :attr:`global` and the default outside
  sections are currently applied when importing any
  surrounding module. This will change in a future version. (`#15274
```

The "surrounding module" part doesn't make immediate sense to me.  If this is already in the doc in a reasonable place, is it necessary to tersly explain it again here?

Author: In 
~~~coq
Module M.
Module N.
End N.
End M.
~~~
M is a surrounding module for N

Author: could also be called parent module

Reviewer: How about "Settings using `global` or without a locality attribute are currently applied when any module containing it (recursively) is imported."?
